docs: add shared OP Enterprise callout to chain operator surfaces (#21999)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: docs/public-docs/snippets/op-enterprise-callout.mdx

{/*
  Standing "Running this in production" callout: the shared OP Enterprise
  steering snippet for chain-operator decision points.

  Usage:
    import OpEnterpriseCallout from "/snippets/op-enterprise-callout.mdx"

    <OpEnterpriseCallout />

  Placement rules: chain-operator decision moments only (quickstart end,
  create-l2-rollup completion, best-practices). Never inside step sequences
  or reference pages, and never in app-developer or node-operator journeys.

  Copy rules: Info styling only, never Warning. No product digits: no uptime
  percentages, response times, support hours, request volumes, tier names, or
  time-to-production figures; the product page carries its own numbers. Every
  factual clause must stay re-derivable from a published docs page.
*/}

<Info>
  **Running this in production**

>   A production chain is a 24/7 operation: a high-availability sequencer cluster, a sound withdrawal system, consistent L1 endpoints, secured hot keys, and a standing upgrade calendar. These docs cover all of it. If you'd rather not run it yourself, or want OP Labs engineering behind the parts you do run, [OP Enterprise](https://optimism.io/op-enterprise?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=op-enterprise) offers fully managed and supported self-managed options. OP Enterprise is OP Labs' managed offering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A production chain is a 24/7 operation: a high-availability sequencer cluster, a sound withdrawal system, consistent L1 endpoints, secured hot keys, and a standing upgrade calendar. These docs cover all of it. If you'd rather not run it yourself, or want OP Labs engineering behind the parts you do run, [OP Enterprise](https://optimism.io/op-enterprise?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=op-enterprise) offers fully managed and supported self-managed options. 
```

>   A production chain is a 24/7 operation: a high-availability sequencer cluster, a funded fault-proof defense stack, consistent L1 endpoints, secured hot keys, and a standing upgrade calendar. These docs cover all of it. If you'd rather not run it yourself, or want OP Labs engineering behind the parts you do run, [OP Enterprise](https://optimism.io/op-enterprise?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=op-enterprise) offers fully managed and supported self-managed options. OP Enterprise is OP Labs' managed offering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A production chain is a 24/7 operation: a high-availability sequencer cluster, a sound withdrawal system, consistent L1 endpoints, secured hot keys, and a standing upgrade calendar. These docs cover all of it. If you'd rather not run it yourself, or want OP Labs engineering behind the parts you do run, [OP Enterprise](https://optimism.io/op-enterprise?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=op-enterprise) offers fully managed and supported self-managed options. OP Enterprise is OP Labs' managed offering.
```
